White Paper
The Social Network For Doing

Do you have an idea for solving a problem?
Then do so, with DoSo.

You Design The Project
Get The Support

Get It Done

Ahmed Zaher - IceBoxx

1
Design The Project
We encounter problems in our everyday lives, but for each problem,
people tend to have countless ideas for solving them. However just
having an idea is far different than implementing a solution, and
truly solving many problems can take a plan and resources. That’s
where DoSo comes in.
Anyone can create an account and make a post on DoSo. On our
social media platform, there is only one kind of post. A post has 2
parts, the definition of a problem and the definition of the solution.
To define a problem, we will keep it simple. Create a presentation
that highlights the problem as you see it. Add videos, images, and
icons to help people understand the problem you are trying to
solve.
Next, define the solution. First simply with more text, images,
videos, and icons. Then more intricately with an outline of the tasks
that need to be done to
solve it, the personnel/skills required, and the resources needed to
accomplish those tasks, through a flexible built-in project
management tool.

2
Get the Support
DoSo is not just about sharing ideas, it’s about building them up into
solutions and systems for a real impact.
After the project is designed you will have access to deployment
options that allow you to show your project to the people who you
are trying to impact with your project.
Targeting by industry, geographical location, or social initiative you
will pitch your project to the people who would be most interested
in considering it. People who believe in your solution can cast a vote
that will be awarded at the beginning of each month through a subB
scription service, volunteer to accomplish a task, or apply for a role
on your project.
Once you get majority support based on the percentage of people
you are targeting with your project DoSo will award the funds and
resources to kickstart your project.
In return, we will receive shares from your new organization’s diviB
dend yeilding stock that will be distributed to your supporters, and
DoSo as a whole to support investing in more solutions.

3
Get It Done
DoSo will collect skill and experience-based data about each user on
sign-up. Each user will have a personal page/ profile where they can
list their accomplishments and more about themselves.
With consent from the user, they will be added to the DoSo talent
network to be hired on for projects that gain the support they need
to get funded.
DoSo will also form its own supply chain, using both internal
projects that we support, and purchase orders with established
companies to provide easy access to resources and tools for the
ventures that we help start.
To support this DoSo will maintain a corporate presence that is
focused on making our most beneficial ventures more accessible
and more likely to succeed. We will employ supply chain managers,
software developers, marketing experts, and consultants to help
ensure that DoSo-backed ventures have the best possible chance
of succeeding and sticking around.

